Job Location :- Qatar
Industry :- Oil & Gas
Immediate Joining
Required Qualification :- Bachelors

Projects, Installation- commissioning, upgrade, Start-up, Plant operations/Engineering support, ICS Maintenance, ICS security related to leading Oil & Gas producers/plants.

Projects Management:
Proficient in setting priorities, developing a work schedule, monitoring progress towards goals, capturing details, correlating data to form information, tracking project activities.
Organizing project activities which include planning, design, development and testing, System acceptance. Coordinating with client / consultant for effective accomplishment of the project activities.
Providing technical inputs & engineering support from conception to project completion.
Coordination with third party vendor/systems.
Effective communicator & team leader combined with flexible and result-oriented attitude.
Leading a team of mixed skillset while focusing on the outcome (Capacity 10-12).

ICS Security:
Well versed with essential information/ ICS security concepts & security controls.
Knowledge of the cyber security capabilities of operating systems, networking devices, control systems, and vendor offerings.
Integration of ICS System DCS – Emerson, Foxboro , Honeywell, Bentley Nevada-MMS, Alderley- FMS, CCC-Antisurge Control Systems, ABB-Analyser, ABB- ELICS, PAS, POIS systems to ICS Security Asset Infrastructure

ICS Engineering & Maintenance:
Maintenance & administrations of DCS (Emerson DeltaV, Foxboro, and Honeywell Exepiron PKS), AMS, and PAS alarm management suites, OSI Soft PI, Triconex (IPS/ESD/F&G/BMS/SOE), Trident (HIPPS).
Developing logic programs, database and HMI displays on DCS software, integration and testing of DCS software, Report Generation, Hardware Configuration, Alarm and History Configuration.
To support start up commissioning activities
Operations and Engineering support.
Preparing documents required for implementing jobs. Assisting training for commissioned systems
Sound knowledge of Design and development of Functional/Detail Design Specifications for DCS Hardware and Software, PLC programming.
Please Note :- Interested candidates kindly attach your updated resume – “ruzaik.pathan@nesfircroft.com”

With over 90 years' combined experience, NES Fircroft (NES) is proud to be the world's leading engineering staffing provider spanning the Oil & Gas, Power & Renewables, Infrastructure, Life Sciences, Mining, Automotive and Chemicals sectors worldwide.With more than 100 offices in 45 countries, we are able to provide our clients with the engineering and technical expertise they need, wherever and whenever it is needed. We offer contractors far more than a traditional recruitment service, supporting with everything from securing visas and work permits, to providing market-leading benefits packages and accommodation, ensuring they are safely and compliantly able to support our clients.