SaaS Account Executive – Qatar market-230002BT

Applicants are required to read, write, and speak the following languages : English, Arabic
Preferred Qualifications
Do you want to take ownership of your sales success? Are you a quick learner with a flair for building relationships? If you’re eager to grow your sales skills in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, this is your opportunity to advance your career with a tech leader.

Oracle has the most comprehensive SaaS portfolio on the market. Our cloud technology is changing the way the world does business, and we’re looking for a Cloud Sales Executive to drive success on our [HR/Finance/Customer Experience] team. We have phenomenal career opportunities for every experience level and celebrate a culture of support and learning. Create the future with us.

What you’ll do

Our dedicated sales executives are the crucial link between Oracle Cloud Applications and the customers who need our technology. With full agency over the accounts and deals in your territory, you’ll build high-level connections, influence business decisions, and gain hands-on experience in multiple sales areas.

Implement the Oracle Applications strategy throughout your territory
Take part in new business sales, expansions, renewals, and account management
Support a variety of customers, from charities to multi-national strategic accounts
Drive transformational deals and influence C-level decision makers
Collaborate with hardworking and supportive sales functions
Develop long-term, sustainable relationships with customers and partners

What we’ll offer you

A competitive salary with exciting benefits
Flexible and remote working so you can do your best work
Learning and development opportunities to advance your career
An Employee Assistance Program to support your mental health
Employee resource groups that champion our diverse communities
Core benefits such as medical, life insurance, and access to retirement planning
An inclusive culture that celebrates what makes you unique

At Oracle, we don’t just respect differences—we celebrate them. We believe that innovation starts with inclusion and to create the future we need people with diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and abilities. That’s why we’re committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people can do their best work. It’s when everyone’s voice is heard and valued that we’re inspired to go beyond what’s been done before.
https://www.oracle.com/corporate/careers/diversity-inclusion/


Detailed Description and Job Requirements
Sells a subset of product or services directly or via partners to a large number of named accounts/non-named accounts/geographical territory (mainly Tier 3 accounts).

Primary job duty is to sell business applications software/solutions and related services to prospective and existing customers. Manage sales through forecasting, account resource allocation, account strategy, and planning. Develop solution proposals encompassing all aspects of the application. Participate in the development, presentation and sales of a value proposition. Negotiate pricing and contractual agreement to close the sale. Identify and develop strategic alignment with key third party influencers.

Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. 8 years applicable experience including 7 years of sales experience. Successful sales track record. Ability to penetrate accounts, meet with stakeholders within accounts. Oracle knowledge and/or knowledge of Oracle*s competitors. Interaction with C level players. Team player with strong interpersonal /communication skills. Excellent communication/negotiating/closing skills with prospects/customers. Travel may be needed. Bachelor degree or equivalent.
Job: Sales

Location: QA-QA,Qatar-Doha

Job Type: Regular Employee Hire

Organization: Oracle